hello everybody I'm going to give a
review on this rigid shop vac which
actually was request from somebody on
YouTube that I post a clip on it this is
the 16 gallon 6 horsepower shopback and
I probably had this shot back about 8
years to be honest with you and eight or
nine years actually I'm going to try to
get a get the model number off this this
is the WD 1 6 3 5 0 and I don't know if
they still make this particular model
but this is the one I have and I don't
know if I have all the attachments that
came with it on this you know like I
said I've had it for years so I made a
misplaced one or two but you know it did
come with two tubes that you can stick
together
I believe this crevice tool may have
came with it or maybe I had to buy this
I'm not real sure it came with this one
here I don't even know what to call this
floor suite maybe but it came with it
this is the like I said the 6 horsepower
model this thing is actually quite
powerful I've use it for all kinds of
tasks wet and dry I've never had a
problem with it of course you know you
need to change the filter occasionally
or clean it out occasionally I just have
the standard paper filter in it I
believe you can also buy a HEPA filter
maybe which I did not do that
this is actually the hose that comes
with it you know which is kind of stiff
you know but like I said I've been using
it for 8 years or so and I have not how
to break down on this hose you know
they're not really friendly to whip
around since they're stiff I had posted
a actually a negative review on the
upgraded hose for this because its
diameter was just so small it was
starving the back
Kim so I'm going to search another
Avenue for that but all in all you know
I cannot complain on this particular
vacuum at all it's always served my
purpose I've never really tried to use
it for dust collection which I you know
I've got videos out for you know the
Harbor Freight dust collector I've just
used it for simple cleanup tasks you
know and my demolition or whatever I was
doing for my remodeling and like I said
all in all this thing is awesome you
know they have maybe five horsepowers
maybe less lower volumes you know I
bought this one it was just available
and I've never had one single problem
with it so I'm just kind of posting this
review slash tank on this FAQ for a
request and hopefully this may help
somebody out there in addition to the
requesters so thanks for watching and
good luck